#EasyGeoTagger
EasyGeoTagger ( EasyGT ) is an open source software application for geotagging digital images that runs on Linux, OSX and Windows. Geotagging is the process of embedding geographic coordinates ( i.e., latitude and longitude ) and other spatial attributes into a digital image. This geographic information can be used to document, for example, the location where the photographer took the image and the direction the camera was pointing. Geotagged images can be used to identify and monitor changes in a landscape over time, which makes EasyGT a powerful tool for conservation and natural resource management initiatives. Our goal in developing EasyGT is to simplify the process of geotagging digital images and to promote photo-monitoring and the effective use of ground-based digital imagery in scientific initiatives focused on identifying and quantifying changes in the Earth's terrestrial and marine environments

EasyGT also comes with additional plugins that greatly extend the capabilities of QuantumGIS ( QGIS ), a free and open source desktop geographic information system. EasyGT includes a native QGIS data provider and accompanying plugin ( LoadExifDataset ) that allows a directory of geotagged images to be treated as vector (i.e., point ) data source. Together with the Event Visualization Tool ( eVis ), natural resource managers, conservation practitioners and general enthusiasts have access to powerful suite of free tools for editing, mapping, and displaying digital images in a geographic context.

With EasyGT, geotagging is...just easy.

**Note: This project is no longer actively being developed. The EasyGeoTagger code has been uploaded for archive purposes.